fix node-conformance apiserver adress flag error (#24538)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/setup/best-practices/node-conformance.md

## Running Node Conformance Test

To run the node conformance test, perform the following steps:

> 1. Get the value of `--kubeconfig` flag from your Kubelet, for example:
> `--kubeconfig=/var/lib/kubelet/config.yaml`,use `http://localhost:8080` as the
> API-Server address.Because the test framework starts a local master to test Kubelet.
> There are some other Kubelet flags you may care:

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
1. Work out the value of the `--kubeconfig` option for the kubelet; for example:
   `--kubeconfig=/var/lib/kubelet/config.yaml`.
    Because the test framework starts a local control plane to test the kubelet,
    use `http://localhost:8080` as the URL of the API server.
    There are some other kubelet command line parameters you may want to use:
```
?

Author: The `--api-servers` flag has been moved to `--kubeconfig` for configuration.

According to the current document, the test server is running locally and the tag needs to be changed.

Reviewer 2: @Cweiping , What do you think about updating the changes with the suggested change?
The suggestion corrects the formatting and fixes a few style issues. Thanks!

Author: I don't understand. Can you make it clearer?
@kbhawkey
